I am an experienced IT and Finance Manager looking for a new opportunity within a growing business in the Cambridge area. I am currently responsible for planning and implementing the IT requirements, and managing the day-to-day finances and IT requirements, of a small healthcare agency based in central Cambridge. I started with my present company as a financial administrator, but my personal interest in computers lead me to take on responsibility for the company’s IT requirements and I went on to hire a junior for the financial side. I now identify areas where IT can improve company efficiency and take these projects right through the implementation and staff training phases. I have decided that my future career lies in the IT direction instead of finance and I am looking for a position in IT support. I am happy to consider entry-level positions and am open to exploring any area within IT, with the hope to start a new career in this field. I feel that my knowledge, experience and achievements, coupled with my self-starting abilities and enthusiasm, will make me a good fit.




Work History



CodeNation (Cambridge)
August 2019 - Present
Assignment: Cambridge Assessment
Role: Student
Comments:
studying only
6 Weeks, full-time 0900-1730
developed skills in


Reed Recruitment (Cambridge)
Assignment: Cambridge Assessment
May 2019 - June 2019
Role: Administrative Assistant - Ops CIE
Job Title/Type of work: Clerical Marking
Comments:
I decided to do some temp work after I left my last job, during my transitional period into an IT career. My assignment at Cambridge Assessment was to mark exam papers (english language) using their bespoke software. Managing our own time with a target to mark so many papers per day. It was a good experience, our team completed the assignment early and I would be happy to temp their again in future


Availl (Cambridge)
March 2016 - May 2019
Role: Finance Manager & IT Support
Comments:
I was overseeing the day-to-day company finances of the Cambridge branch, including staff payroll (around 110 payslips per week), tax, invoicing, credit control, resolving client queries. - Recruited and managed a finance apprentice for the past year, who was recently been made fully employed. James took over the day to day finance duties/ - I still produced the regular management and performance reports for company director and branch managers. - Helped to manage and train office staff (4-6 other people) alongside the branch manager.

IT Responsibilities:
Configuring and maintaining all office laptops, printers, mobiles and other devices. Maintaining the company server, primarily used for file sharing, managing internal network and users, creating and updating files and documents for company-wide use. - Setting up any new branches with computers and configuring internet connections for new office, also helping to train and support the new franchisees and branch managers using the company software for tasks such as payroll, invoicing, reporting. Helping to resolve any queries or problems regarding the software or their equipment.. - Selecting the new company phones and laptops, implementing new systems and software. - Working closely with the company who develop our company software to implement new features and report bugs.

Availl (Healthcare Agency), Cambridge
Feb 2012 to March 2016
Role: Financial Administrator
Responsibilities:
	Finance - Running the Weekly payroll procedures. Responsible for approving time-sheets, creating and distributing payslips, resolving payroll queries, tax and RTi reporting, year-end duties and P45s etc. - Invoicing & credit control procedures e.g. creating weekly invoices, answering client queries, chasing payments, sending statements and letters and admin such as adding new clients to the system and maintaining the database. - Management reporting duties such as providing a weekly gross profit and performance reports for directors and branch managers, setting up regular email updates and shared spreadsheets.
Responsibilities: IT - Not long after starting with the company I took on responsibility for setting-up, fixing and troubleshooting the office laptops, printers and phones, taking over from a previous employee. From then on have maintained the devices. Mostly common tasks such as reformatting, installing windows and Microsoft Office packages or other company software. - Supporting the users and resolving any issue that arises, often using remote login software. - Setting up newly opened franchises/branches with new office printers, laptops, phones, routers etc. and supporting and maintaining them remotely.


Other IT projects undertaken at Availl:
Have taken on all responsibility for company IT requirements and support. Use remote login support most days, split between 3 branches. - Learned to edit existing website code, mostly Html and PHP, in order to update and improve the company website. I created a mobile version of the site, also installed an SSL certificate for an https version. - Over time I have managed to use our IT systems to automate a lot tasks for myself and other employees, allowing more time for other projects. - I set up and maintain our company server to share company’s communal documents with other branches. Also managing our web and email hosting packages. Good familiarity with web hosting, ftp sites, using ssh login, server maintenance and security, email hosting etc. - I recently oversaw the implementation of a company-wide mobile phone application, allowing agency workers to check in remotely when arriving at shifts. Gained experience supporting that software and experience error reporting and testing new features. - I assisted with the introduction of the company’s current bespoke software package and have worked closely with the company to help develop it over the years. Since its introduction I have helped to train new branch franchisees to use the software, both in personal and remote training over shared desktops. I have also produced a few manuals for employees to use. - I enjoy training people and have gained valuable experience demonstrating and explaining software to other people. - I have found various ways to automate many finance and admin tasks which allowed me more time for other projects. - I oversaw the introduction of VOIP telephone systems in a new branch, which was a success. I learned how to install BT phone cloud systems and effectively use the online portal/control panel (PRE 2012)



Accounting Apprenticeship
September 2011 to March 2012

Before starting with Availl I had been doing an apprenticeship, working part time and studying for the AAT qualification , which eventually got me my job with my current employer. Unfortunately the organization which ran the apprenticeship program has since closed down, and so their details cannot be given as a reference. Before I started accounting I held various other jobs, mostly customer service roles (most recent shown below). (Pre Accounting - Customer service) 


Vertex Solutions, Hertfordshire
September 2009 to August 2011
(via recruitment agencies Interaction and then Reed)
Job Title: Customer Service Adviser
Responsibilities:
My first role at Vertex was to answer phone calls on behalf of Hertfordshire County Council, for a variety of services such as adult social care, libraries, highways, general enquirers, and resolving issues for service users - I was required to answer phones, requiring confidence with new people and good self presentation.. I averaged 100 calls a day and had to work to KPIs. - After a promotion I worked on a different contract ‘Consumer Direct’ where we were given training on consumer law in order to offer a telephone service for the public. I was responsible for providing the public with legal advice on purchases and business services with which they had some kind of query, issue or dispute. 

Achievements:
After working successfully on the council contract I passed an internal exam and was offered the chance to move to ‘Consumer Direct’, I followed a 6 week training program by the office of fair trading and passed tests on consumer/contract law. - I gained great customer service experience, personal efficiency and professionalism. I gained a better understanding of businesses and law which lead me to accounting. I left due to the branch closing. (I can list previous customer service jobs if desired) 



Education and qualifications:
AAT Level 3 Diploma in Accounting A2/AS Levels; Physics, History, Maths GCSE: 10, all at grades A - C (includes English, Maths, Science)